.TH droidpermscanner 1 "September 2012" Linux "User Manual"

.SH NAME
droidpermscanner \- A tool to assess Android's Java source and determines permissions as needed for insertion into AndroidManifest.xml.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B droidpermscanner
[[ \-s, \-\-scan ] 
.I source_directory 
]
[[ \-h, \-\-help ]] [[ \-v, \-\-version ]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B droidpermscanner
scans through Android Java source code and based on the lexical keywords through-out the Java source code, then attempts to deduce the appropriate permissions required for the Android application.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP \-s
Specify the source directory path to the Android's Java source. The long option equivalent is 
.B --scan

.IP \-h
Display the help screen. The long option equivalent is
.B --help

.IP \-v
Display the version of droidpermscanner. The long option equivalent is
.B --version

.SH ENVIRONMENT
droidpermscanner requires access to the Android Java sources only. And it does not, in any way, touch the sources nor tamper with it. It is a "read-only" lexical scan that does not interfere with the source code of said Android's Java application.

.SH RESOURCES
.PP
droidpermscanner requires read-access to the source directory.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The output of running droidpermscanner is as shown, by specifiying the command line
.B /home/foo/droidpermscanner/droidpermscanner -s /home/foo/workspace/AndroidApp/src 

.PP 
=> BEGIN SCANNING PATH: /home/foo/workspace/AndroidApp/src...
.PP
Scanning: /home/foo/workspace/AndroidApp/src/com/foo/Activity1.java
.PP
Scanning: /home/foo/workspace/AndroidApp/src/com/foo/Activity2.java
.PP 
=> END SCANNING...
.PP 
=> RESULT(S):
.PP 
<uses-permission android:name="READ_CONTACTS" />
.PP
=> Total POSSIBLE permissions required: 1
.PP
PLEASE DOUBLE-CHECK to VERIFY that the above permissions ARE required!

.PP
You, as a Android Programmer, takes responsibility to ensure that the permission(s) 
.B are 
indeed required.

.SH COPYRIGHT
droidpermscanner is Copyright (c) 2012, Tom Brennan.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have recieved a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

.SH BUGS
Please report any bug(s) to tommie.brennan@gmail.com

.SH AUTHORS
Tom Brennan
